Okay, so back to our data fetching,
which is what we were trying to do.
And why we needed to learn destructuring.
Let's destructure the data that
we fetched so that we can use it.
So let's recap what we did
to fetch our [INAUDIBLE].
We had this resource it has a message
property, that's what we care about.
We had done a fetch on this resource URL.
And we had captured its
value as a response, right?
Like this, [LAUGH] with
a weight trick question, nice.
Okay, then we had parsed
out its body as json and
captured as the body variable.
>> Await response?
>> Await response.
And what was the method we used?
.json.
>> .json.
Okay, so now, all we care about is this
array that's inside of this body object,
our message property inside
of that body object.
So what we can do now is extract that.
Now we know how with our destructuring,
to just pull out the message
which in this case is an array of
hounds that we care about, great.
So, what we're gonna do now is
basically we have a process or
we could call it like a procedure for
fetching a resource from a URL.
Parsing the response body as json and
extracting the message value
from within that body.
What we're gonna do is take all of
that and wrap it up in a function.
Now, the thing is, if we try and
do that in a regular function,
we're gonna have a bad time.
So here, I've got a function that's it's
just the first part of this but just for
brevity.
We're gonna try to fetch the response
from a particular URL and
do the same stuff that we did before.
We're just gonna stop at the response
level just for quickness.
But I can't even declare
this function like this,
JavaScript won't even let
me let alone call it.
It says await is only
valid in async functions,
async generators and modules.
So, this is where I said earlier
we can't just drop await anywhere.
JavaScript has specific rules
about where await is allowed.
One of the places it's
allowed is in our console.
But it's not allowed inside of a function,
unless we make it
a special async function by
putting the keyword async
in front of function.
This tells JavaScript that this is
gonna be a function that's carrying
out some kind of potentially
long-running asynchronous operation.
And so we should expect that we might be
working with asynchronous code in here.
We should expect that we
might need to use an await.
And so that's what JavaScript
means when it says async is
only allowed in async functions.
So now, if I just do the same thing But
with the word async in front.
Now JavaScript didn't complain.
And if I do fetch response.
Fetch response of my URL,
what do we think we're gonna get?
Well, it helps if I put it in a string.
>> Promise.
>> Our friend the promise we ring
it's beautiful little head again.
[LAUGH] Yes, so because this is
an asynchronous operation or
at least it might be.
Async functions are going to be promisy.
And so that means in order to get
the output value of the a sync function,
and guess what keyword
would I need to use?
Wait.
Now we have our response, okay?
So, this is what we have to do if we wanna
use async operations is we need to wrap
them in an async function.
And then that function itself is an async
operation, once we introduce asyncyness.
Everything else that we're dealing
with it, in has to be async.